I saw you're doing
a movie with Goldie Hawn.
>> Yes!
>> And she plays your mom, is that right?
>> Yeah, well, she's my younger sister.
No, yes, she plays my mom.
I have been the biggest
Goldie fan forever.
>> She's fantastic.
>> I mean in your book and her book,
yeah, she's been such a huge idol for
me forever.
And so I just begged her,
we fought to do this movie together and
we had the best time.
I got to hang with Kate Hudson,
right guys?
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Kate Hudson, very nice.
Fun, so fun and they were do you wanna go
swim with the dolphins and I was okay,
again trash,
we didn't grow up doing things like that.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And so we went and on my bucket list it
was high up on the list to be photographed
in a bathing suit next to Kate Hudson.
>> [LAUGH]
>> That was really cool.
And Goldie, Goldie is 70.
She's in her 70s and
I'm the friend who they're like ugh.
Amy'll take the pictures.
>> [LAUGH]
>> They're like,
is Amy the one with the kids?
No, actually I haven't had kids.
It's just like-
>> [LAUGH]
>> That's just, what's up?
That's what happened.
>> [LAUGH] My God.
>> That's me,
that's not a guy on the front of the boat.
>> [LAUGH]
>> That's me, that's not a weird dude.
>> We're back with the best-selling author,
Amy Schumer.
And in the book, you talk about-
>> [LAUGH]
>> You worked in a lesbian bar.
That was one of your jobs.
>> Yeah.
>> And tell that story.
>> Well, okay [LAUGH],
thanks for teeing me up perfect.
I did, I was hired to work
at his lesbian bar and-
>> As what?
>> A bartender.
>> Yes.
>> As a lesbian.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And I thought,
first I thought great, no men.
But I forgot it was going to be women,
all women.
What should I get to drink?
I'm like I don't know what do you drink?
Get rubbing alcohol.
That's what I do.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> But, and
then I really thought,
they're all gonna hit on me.
How am I gonna break it to
them that I'm straight and
no one ever hit on me, even once.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I was let go.
>> That's very sad.
>> Yes, it is sad.
>> It's very sad.
>> And you were let go.
It was let go.
>> Yeah.
>> They said, we're letting you go.
I mean,
it's like I didn't ask to go, how is it-
>> [LAUGH]
>> I have a story and
pictures of stuffed animals,
weird stuffed animals.
>> These are so cute.
I'm sorry, what are some things?
>> They are very strange and
your boyfriend is freaked out also.
>> He does not care for
these stuffed animals.
That's the gang.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Yeah, and he gets really mad at me.
He's get them out of our bed.
They look disease ridden.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And it's not cute.
And I'm just like, don't make me-
>> Yeah.
>> Choose them or you, cuz you know.
>> [LAUGH]
>> You know which way it'll go.
>> Well, I got so he's gonna be mad at
me cuz I got something to add to this.
We found this online.
>> Yes.
>> And, we all debated whether to just
keep it cuz we really wanted to keep
it ourselves but, I mean-
>> [LAUGH]
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Ben,
>> Babe, I'm bringing her home.
>> [APPLAUSE]